Nihao hello namaste Salam alikoum cycle
he's getting near the festival time at
the end of 2007 with whatever entering
into more and more homes and kitchens I
am flooded with requests for the recipe
to the holiday treats and entertainment
treats so the fact that I said hello in
the house in Chinese should tell you
what we are going to do today you got it
one of the most popular snacks for
entertaining has been the tiny change
spring rolls so what exactly are these
spring rolls and how do they differ from
egg rolls one can easily confuse them
with each other
the main difference in the two is that
the spring rolls are made out of rice or
Congress while egg roll wrappers are
made with feed base some vary because on
culture and individual choices spring
rolls are usually eaten using spring
festival in China and that is where it
gets its name from not because it looks
like spring or bounce around in your
tummy making you happy so today let's
make these spring rolls for this
preparation you need to steam your
vegetables and squeeze out the water the
same way we try to do with our Kafka's
so I put one cup of water in a pan what
I am going to do I have a lot of
vegetables here I have got some cabbage
I've got some capsicum carrot onion I
even have some spring onion and I used
celery celery is one of my favorite term
vegetables to get very good flavor so I
added all of these and then I'm going to
cover it up with a lid so because of the
water they don't get burnt first thing
second thing is that steam slightly
softens this vegetables the reason why I
am steaming these vegetables and
squeezing out water first thing is you
want very little water in your mixture
because when you fry the spring rolls
you want the spring rolls to remain
crispy for longer time the second reason
is you want your vegetables to be soft
because when you put this as a stuffing
and roll
you don't want you
seat to get tall so for that reason we
are going to soften these vegetables and
squeeze out the water so as usual all
our vegetarians and non-vegetarians like
their own variant and you can stop it
purely with vegetable filling or even
try adding shredded chicken or any other
meats to this steaming process and you
can make delicious beef spring rolls to
prepare these rolls today I got two
kinds of roles one is from the
refrigerator section other one is a
freezer section these are the egg roll
drafts you know they are made with the
beat based and they could also be used
for lasagna so I'm going to use this and
second variety which is my favorite for
spring rolls because you could buy this
tea by J's spring roll pastry it's in
your freezer section these are made with
confer whereas these are made with
little read based so you will see the
difference when we fry them but one of
these days I promise I'll teach you how
to make these spring roll sheets at home
so now my vegetable already so these
vegetables on my chopping board and let
me put my other ingredients down so
before I use my chopper let me do me
harm
the reason is whenever I made this
chef's coat and think of chains I think
of doing really cool food so why not we
do cool food with our vegetable you
don't have to chop too much just make
sure you chop them a little bit smaller
okay
now that my cool foo ended so let's put
all these vegetables into a muslin cloth
so what we are going to do we are going
to squeeze out any excess moisture that
is there in the vegetables now season
these vegetables so they're going to use
well as you know motor for nice
flavoring very little soya sauce and
little pepper and we'll salt little bit
chili sauce now that done I've added a
chili garlic sauce I will also add some
of the Indian spices you know you do add
some cumin powder some cumin seeds or
whatever spices you want this is what I
like about any cooking is making it to
your own taste
okay so I'll keep this
okay take the spring roll sheet put your
spring roll mixture okay
how much ever you want and then tightly
roll it okay if you want a good spring
roll tightly roll it bring it to a point
then press it they I just till then
apply egg wash and then fold it in fold
the other side in and press it in and
again apply little more egg on the other
edge so squeeze it hard and then roll it
out so your spring roll is ready so
let's make quick so let's make with this
egg roll sheets you can see the color
difference they are a little bit
brownish in color so just put a little
bit I'm going to make these are little
smaller than those so I'm going to make
the smaller spring rolls see watch out
fold them in the third edge just
you have made this rolls with egg roll
and as well as the sprinkles let's see
how they turn out
one egg roll one spring roll one spring
roll one egg roll so make sure you don't
dump all of them the oil will get cool
and especially for spring rolls you want
behind to be nicely hot at 350 if you
fry them with like a lower temperature
so oil will lose into those spring rolls
now look at this the egg rolls which are
made with the wheat flour they are ready
so we're going to keep them aside
whereas our spring rolls that is made
with corn flour will take a little
longer time but you know they have they
will get a different texture okay okay
friends today we made them kind of rolls
with this spring roll sheets and with
the egg roll sheet this is one of the
greatest appetizer you can make while
you're making your change meal or even a
snack for your good party and here is
the egg roll skin sheets that is made
with wheat flour these are the spring
roll sheets that is made with corn flour
so now when you go to a Chinese
restaurant and you see little bit dark
brown color not as crispy they are egg
rolls and the ones which are crispy and
will lighter and golden in color they
are sprinkles
you can have your spring rolls with nice
silly garlic sauce or any soya base
dipping in fact they go very well with
the Indian nice sweet tamarind sauce and
tomato sauce so then I have gone now and
please my Chinese cuisine fans come back
and tell me how you did with these
spring rolls
remember that Wawa is all about eating
fresh food and inspiring others to cook
so please post your recipes cooking tips
so others may benefit from your great
cooking
thank you